[Blog] Update alerts blog post title and featured image (#10319)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/alerts-examples.mdx

---

> title: 5 alerts ideas so you never miss changes to your key metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 5 ways to monitor key metrics using alerts in PostHog
```
